
Things still to do, in no particular order:

The Save and Save As... message alerting the user of a signature deletion have not been implemented yet.

check what happens when the extension is disabled: we need to deregister frame interceptor and jobs before anything else.
It seems that the correct procedure to disable the extension is:
- close all opened documents in OOo
- disable the extension
- close OOo
Then restart OOo. At this moment the extension is disabled correctly.

If you try to disable the extension when some documents are opened on OOo, then OOo locks up (freezes); and
you need to kill the OOo process.

It seems that the digital signature push button on the properties dialog, tab general doesn't obey to the Command disable chain.

It seems that only one interceptor per .uno: protocol command is possible
(see http://api.openoffice.org/servlets/ReadMsg?list=dev&msgNo=19308 )
So it's needed another interceptor to check what happens. Duplicate current one and install/uninstall
with menu command (installs many time, uninstall last installed first). 

ant build.xml files need to be edited to a platform aware status: currently they are GNU/Linux only

revising the exceptions: none is thrown by the code

Check to see what happens when trying to save a file with double signature: OOo and CNIPA.

The frame is not refreshed in the interceptor (class DispatchInterceptor), not sure what happens here, need
to do checking on behavior.
For example building another extension with another dispatch interceptor and see what happens there

Determine what to do with a listener (disposing method of the broadcaster and tell the listener we are about to be disposed off?
How to tell them?)

Check what needs to be done while checking for save dispatch from inside another dispatch in the case the file is still unsaved
(e.g. 'has no location' in OOo terms). Currently it should be saved directly, the extension only stops and tells the user
to do it. 

Update the build.xml ant structure in order to build under Windows
